i i don't know how to like put this in a
question but can you
address the i need dr k kind of type
that people
like you are the only one who will
like help yeah so
i'm gonna ask permission for to play a
clip for you guys from someone
so there was so so you know so i do
coaching
and we also have coaching groups right
so you guys can sign up and
depending on the role of the dice you
can get paired with different people
so i run a group and the group ended
recently
and um so we were just kind of offering
feedback about the end of the group
and i couldn't have said it better
myself but one person was like i came to
this group because i thought dr k was
the only one that could help me like i
was convinced that
he was the only one and he understood me
so well and
he's he's the only one that could help
me after 16 weeks of working with dr
k i realized that i never needed him
and that like really what i needed like
the only person i needed was myself
and that's the truth and that's like the
best feedback that i could get
is everyone has this perception that
what you guys need is me but like that's
you all don't
need me you know it's kind of like just
because you watch a cooking show and
there's like an amazing
you know like like those amazing
five-star chef or whatever who's like
making this food like sure that food
that dude makes delicious food but
there's like delicious food all over the
place
i know that a lot of people feel like
i'm the only one for them and
believe me it's flattering but i think
you guys don't know me as well as i do
and i think you'd be surprised at what
you're capable of is if you put your
mind to it and work with
just anything like really any therapist
it's about what you guys put in not
about what we put in
the last thing that i want to say i'm
going to read something to you guys
okay so there's a post on our subreddit
right now
that says today's chat with zach and his
father dave is probably the most
incredible thing healthy gamer has ever
done
so i want you guys to think about this
for a second
what makes that incredible
because it's not me right so like i'm
the constant and healthy gamer but what
makes that so impactful
is like zack and day like sure i'm the
common element but if you really think
about it like why are
like the reason that some things are
impactful and other things are not
impactful if it was me then everything
we
would do would be like equally impactful
but it's not
it's the person who comes on that makes
things
impactful or not that's where the money
is that's where the value is
the real value comes from you you just
think it comes from me because you
always see my face
but if you really think about it the
bulk
of healing doesn't come from me
it comes from the people who come on
stream it comes from you
and so for those of you who think that
you you need dr k like i don't doubt
that i could help you
but i i really am like not that special
the thing is what i i mean i fail too
and what what causes me to fail or
succeed
depends on the person sitting across
from me because i can't fix them
they have to fix themselves i'm just
gonna help them
and so the real thing that you need for
your success is not me
is you if you show up and you give it
your best effort with a therapist i
think you're gonna do a good job
and that's what we hear from people
right like even zach
on on wednesday's stream was like yeah i
started seeing a therapist and i've i've
gotten a little bit better
turns out he's probably gotten a lot
better
but like he didn't need me like i don't
think any of y'all
need me specifically
i know it sounds weird but the real
money is on
on you it's like there's no i mean that
doesn't it's just how it is